Update free-courses-hi.md 2 new course added 1. Core Java in hindi 2.… (#10637)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

* [Complete Java Programming in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmRclvVt5DtnqhXTJwd-oqVRwO3bLZCGV) - Anand Kumar, CodeitUp
* [Core Java Programming (Hindi)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbGui_ZYuhij8Oplrvjt_RlDliZQgdxoV) - Rajesh Kumar, Geeky Shows

> * [Core Java in Hindi](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVlQHNRLflP8kPvCvEM7ZopbRB93joJXy&si=129gUrwDvoCeajQ5) - Naresh i Technologies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Core Java in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVlQHNRLflP8kPvCvEM7ZopbRB93joJXy) - Naresh i Technologies
```

* [Java Tutorials for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlhM4lkb2sEhfuXL-2BDrJ67WkUdQ2v9b) - Deepak Panwar, Smart Programming
* [Java Tutorials For Beginners In Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu0W_9lII9agS67Uits0UnJyrYiXhDS6q) - CodeWithHarry
* [Spring Boot Tutorial For Beginners (in Hindi)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5mjp3QjkuoLPS-L28yKCKyzCMX8WRVno) - ProgRank

> * [Spring Boot Tutorial In Hindi ](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0zysOflRCelmjxj-g4jLr3WKraSU_e8q&si=0qL4hL44ezb-C9Cq) - Learn Code with Durgesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Spring Boot Tutorial In Hindi ](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0zysOflRCelmjxj-g4jLr3WKraSU_e8q) - Learn Code with Durgesh
```
